[docs] formatting changes for few API pages (#20494)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/bar-code-scanner.mdx

import { APIInstallSection } from '~/components/plugins/InstallSection';
import PlatformsSection from '~/components/plugins/PlatformsSection';
import { SnackInline} from '~/ui/components/Snippet';
import { YesIcon, NoIcon } from '~/ui/components/DocIcons';

`expo-barcode-scanner` provides a React component that renders a viewfinder for the device's camera (either front or back) and will scan bar codes that show up in the frame.

<PlatformsSection android emulator ios simulator />

#### Limitations

> **info** Only one active `BarCodeScanner` preview is currently supported.

When using navigation, the best practice is to unmount any previously rendered `BarCodeScanner` component

> so the following screens can use its own `BarCodeScanner` without issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so the following screens can use their own `BarCodeScanner` without any issue.
```
